Update drivers and use substitutions for version (#129)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/install-gpu-operator-proxy.rst

======================================

For Openshift, it is recommended to use the cluster-wide Proxy object to provide proxy information for the cluster.

> Follow the procedure described in `Configuring the cluster-wide proxy <https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/networking/enable-cluster-wide-proxy.html>`_

Reviewer: Let's use a non-versioned URL here. `latest` will automatically redirect us to the most recent stable release of OCP
```suggestion
Follow the procedure described in `Configuring the cluster-wide proxy <https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/networking/enable-cluster-wide-proxy.html>`_
```

Download and deploy GPU Operator Helm Chart with the updated ``values.yaml``.

> Fetch the chart from NGC repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch the chart from the NGC repository:
```
